feat: add fallback support for value metric type (#1606)
kedacore/keda-docs: content/docs/2.18/reference/scaledobject-spec.md

The `fallback` section is optional. It defines a number of replicas to fall back to if a scaler is in an error state.

Fallback is supported for both `Value` and `AverageValue` metric types, but there are two limitations to consider:

>   - It supports all native Kubernetes workloads (`Deployment`, `StatefulSet`, and `ReplicaSet`). Any non-native workload would need to have its controller implement `.status.readyReplicas` field on the workload resource. An example of non-native workloads that implement this is Argo Rollouts.

Reviewer: This is not needed anymore after the change to evaluate ready replicas, is?

The `fallback` section is optional. It defines a number of replicas to fall back to if a scaler is in an error state.

> Starting KEDA version 2.18, fallback is supported for both `Value` and `AverageValue` metric types. However, two limitations to consider:

Reviewer 2: I would leave out the version number, as it is in the documentation for version 2.18.

```suggestion
Fallback is supported for both `Value` and `AverageValue` metric types, but there are two limitations to consider:
```

  - It supports all native Kubernetes workloads (`Deployment`, `StatefulSet`, and `ReplicaSet`). Any non-native workload would need to have its controller implement `.status.readyReplicas` field on the workload resource. An example of non-native workloads that implement this is Argo Rollouts.

>  - It is only supported by `ScaledObjects` **not** `ScaledJobs`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - It is only supported by `ScaledObjects`, **not** `ScaledJobs`.
```

> KEDA will keep track of the number of consecutive times each scaler has failed to get metrics from its source. Once that value passes the `failureThreshold`, instead of not propagating a metric to the HPA (the default error behavior), the scaler will, instead, return a normalised metric using the formula:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
KEDA will keep track of the number of consecutive times each scaler has failed to get metrics from its source. Once that value passes the `failureThreshold`, instead of not propagating a metric to the HPA (the default error behavior), the scaler will, instead, return a normalised metric using the formula for `AverageValue` metrics:
```

```
target metric value * fallback replicas
```

> for `AverageValue` metrics, and using the formula:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For `Value` metrics it's using the formula:
```

```
target metric value * fallback replicas / current ready replicas
```

> for `Value` metrics.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> These formulas offset HPA's calculations, and will have the effect of the HPA scaling the deployment to the defined number of fallback replicas.

Reviewer 2: This sentence doesn't read well

```suggestion
These formulas offset the HPA's calculations and will cause it to scale the deployment to the specified number of fallback replicas.
```
